docs(activate): document auto-activation, allow/deny, and the BETA feature flag (DEV-89) (#4407)
flox/flox: cli/flox/doc/flox-config.md

`disable_hook`
:   Don't set up the Flox prompt hook as part of activation.
    The prompt hook is required for auto-activation and for `flox deactivate` to
    take effect (default: false).

`disable_metrics`
:   Disable collecting and sending usage metrics.

`features.auto_activate`

> :   Feature flag that enables auto-activation, which is experimental

Author: Phrasing

```suggestion
:   Feature flag to enable auto-activation, which is experimental
```

Author: Done. https://github.com/flox/flox/commit/a2393c991
